Previously on Hell's Kitchen...
The person I'm gonna
eliminate tonight
is going downhill.
After a
surprising elimination...
Jamie, you're done.
Jacket off, please.
Told you
I wasn't going home.
The red
team is left reeling...
What just happened?
I am in shock.
I'm still here.
Then, the
teams went head-to-head
in the blind taste test.
Strawberry.
What?
Sardines?
Which proved
challenging for everyone.
Mushrooms?
Lobster.
Except for Elise...
Filet.
Coconut.
Sour cream.
Red Team wins!
Who gave the red
team a come-from-behind victory.
Whoo!
Thank you.
You're welcome, Red Team.
You're welcome.
During steak night
at Hell's Kitchen,
the Blue Team
was in the kitchen
for the first seating.
How you doing, Tommy?
Tommy was silent.
He's not even talking,
this guy!
Tommy, how long?
You need to talk to him!
All three of you
are watching him sink!
And Natalie's
meat station was a hot mess.
I didn't realize it was that
overdone, chef. Wake up!
At the second seating...
You write like
a nine-year-old.
Come on!
Pick it up!
When the Red Team
took their turn in the kitchen...
Hurry up, let's go!
I'm gonna need two minutes.
Their strong start...
Nice. That's called
working as a team.
Quickly deteriorated.
Raw bass.
Unbelievable!
That's burnt.
And then it was
time for the blame game.
When no one else would
step up, and I did?
Shut up for five
seconds!
Both teams lost
and had to nominate
one person.
The Red Team nominated...
Carrie, chef.
- And the Blue Team chose...
- Tommy, chef.
But in the end it was...
Carrie.
Who saw her
dream of becoming head chef
at BLT Steak in New York City
come to an end.
But chef Ramsay...
We're not done yet.
Shocked everyone once again.
Elise...
Me.
Take your jacket off.
Sync by dr.jackson
for www.addic7ed.com
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Yes!
Wah!
And now, the continuation
of Hell's Kitchen.
I've been thinking
long and hard,
and I've come to a decision.
Elise...
Take your jacket off.
I know you think
you're ready, but...
You're not.
In fact, none of you
are ready.
All of you take
your jackets off.
As from right now,
Hell's Kitchen is closed!
What?
I'm still not convinced
that you have that drive
to become the head chef
at BLT Steak.
You have to get inspired.
So you're all flying
to New York City
first thing tomorrow morning
to see BLT Steak firsthand.
- Are you kidding me?
- Me.
If that doesn't
light a fire in your bellies,
i don't know what will.
You understand?
Yes, chef!
Get out of here!
Get bags packed!
You're leaving early.
I'm gonna have my eye
on the prize, believe you me.
Not just my lazy eye.
My good eye.
I'm going to New York!
Aah!
Big apple, whoo!
Paul's hittin' New York City!
As part of his master plan,
chef Ramsay has arranged
for the chefs
to experience the culinary
crossroads of the world.
I'm Raheem. I'm your foods
of New York tour guide.
With a tasting
tour of the big apple.
Let's go eat!
First up, Italian.
We can't come to New York City
without hitting up
the best pizzeria.
Ohh.
Oh, my God, let me tell you
something about clam pie.
Off-the-chain delicious.
Excellent.
Put it up there!
Next up on the tour...
Chinese.
The key
to making Peking duck is...
You inflate the duck.
Okay, enjoy your duck.
They're so good.
Dude, what's up next?
French.
Will, what do you think
of that foie gras?
Isn't that amazing?
I mean, the food is so good.
I'm trying to pace myself.
I should probably
eat one.
Ohh!
Greek.
Are we diving in?
These are so good.
This is some of my favorite.
Opa!
Mexican.
Ole!
Carnitas.
I feel a little beat.
Jamaican.
Holy moly.
Got like a little spice
to it.
Oh, man.
Indian.
I couldn't ask
for anything more
than 13, 14 course,
you know.
You guys le e it?  Yeah.
I couldn't do any more.
Are you guys ready for more?
No!
All right. Let's go.
After feasting on the
fabulous flavors of New York,
the chefs head to blt
for a taste of what's at stake.
Ooh.
This is nice.
I know.
This is gorgeous.
Hi. Welcome to BLT Steak.
Hi.
Before I take you
into the kitchen,
let me give you a quick
tour of the restaurant.
Okay.
Thank you.
So this is
the main dining room.
Wow!
Beautiful.
This is the heart of the restaurant.
It's beautiful.
I'm definitely picturing
my self there.
And it made me
that much more determined
to have that
head chef spot.
So this is the kitchen.
This is amazing.
Good.
This is a large kitchen
in comparison to a lot
of Manhattan kitchens.
What would you say would be
the hardest thing to adjust to
for somebody who hasn't
worked in New York?
The biggest challenge
for someone
who has not worked
a New York kitchen
is the pace.
We're gonna do between
230 and 250 covers
every single night.
When I close my
eyes, all I imagine
is myself standing
at that pass.
Like, everything now
is coming full circle.
Next time I set foot
in the blt restaurant,
it's gonna be me
with my white coat and my hat.
And they're gonna say,
"congratulations, Paul.
Welcome to the team."
Thank you guys
for coming out.
I wish you all
the best of luck.
Thank you.
If chef Ramsay was trying
to light a fire under our asses
and to get us,
like, motivated,
this trip definitely
did its job.
Oohrah!
Whoo!
I'm ready
to go all the way
and to become head chef
at BLT Steak.
After a whirlwind
tour of New York City,
the chefs return
reinvigorated.
What's this?
What's this? What's this?
And ready to take
on their next challenge.
Look at you all.
Welcome back.
Hey. Thank you, chef.
Thank you, chef.
So did you get inspired?
Yes, chef!
Motivated?
Hungry?
No, chef.
Jennifer.
Yes, chef?
Did you enjoy it?
It was amazing.
It reminded me
why I'm here.
Good!
You all had opportunity
to taste
some of the finest cuisines
from anywhere
in the world.
Which brings me
to your next challenge.
Today, I want to see
how creative
you can all be
with ethnic cuisine.
I hope, in New York,
you picked up some tips.
What? Are you serious?
We tried
seven different cuisines,
t t the problem is,
I was just not paying attention.
Excited?  Yes, chef!
Good, 'cause right now,
each and every one of you
is about to gamble
your future
in Hell's Kitchen.
Ohh, my goodness.
Eh?
That's right.
This is
crazy, dude.
As far as gambling,
I've never been real lucky.
Listen carefully.
One at a time,
each chef will come forward.
After you pull the handle,
the five slots you land on
will determine
the ingredients.
What protein, what starch,
what fruit and two vegetable
you'll be cooking with.
Also,
a coin will come out.
The coin determines
the type of cuisine.
Who's feeling lucky?
Natalie.
Step forward.
Get 'em, girl.
Come on, nat.
Okay, pull the handle.
Pork!
With corn! Corn!
Potatoes.
Kumquats.
Ooh.
And green beans.
And the ethnic cuisine is...
Jamaican!
Jamaican. Ohh.
Wow.
I had some
tricky ingredients.
Basically, good luck.
I was just hoping
that I could
pull something together.
Okay, next up, Jennifer.
Great.
Let's go.
I feel lucky today.
I'm ready to pull the handle
and see what I get.
What protein
you hoping for?
Anything but salmon.
Ethnic cuisine?
I would love Greek.
Off you go.
Come stand over.
Oh, my God.
So protein first is...
Salmon!
- Me!
- Wow, well done!
I got salmon,
which I wasn't happy about.
But my ingredients all,
like, work together,
as long as I get Greek.
Ethnic cuisine is...
I got Greek.
Greek! Well...
Opa!
It's now will's
turn to gamble for ingredients.
Scallop, wow.
Scallop.
Mango and...Asparagus.
Type of cuisine is...
Italian.
Italian!
I come from
an Italian background.
Thank God.
Up next, Elizabeth.
Okay, off you go.
I'm definitely
very familiar with Chinese.
I currently work
in an Asian restaurant.
Type of cuisine is...
Oh, I got Mexican.
Oh damn.
Elizabeth got Mexican,
and I was totally jealous.
I wanted Mexican so bad.
Okay, good.
Type of cuisine is...
I hope I don't get Indian.
I hope I don't
get Indian.
I hope I don't get Indian.
I got Indian.
Ooh hoo hoo, God.
Agh!
Elise will be cooking with...
Ahi tuna.
Carrots.
Beans?
Beans. Wow.
I don't even like beans.
Kumquats, I never seen
before today.
Type of
ethnic cuisine is...
Chinese.
I have no Chinese food
experience, none.
The wheels of
fortune spin next for Paul.
Filet with...
Eggplant. Eggplant.
I'm good with that.
Polenta.
Grapefruit.
And kale.
Ethnic cuisine...
French.
Come on!
Yeah, I hit the jackpot,
I think.
Come on, that is a jackpot.
Well done.
So you've all got
45 minutes.
Your time starts from now.
Off you go.
Good luck!
Thank you, chef.
Let's do this.
After the chefs'
inspirational culinary tour of New York,
chef Ramsay has designed
this challenge
to test their creativity
with ethnic foods.
It's not French unless
it has butter and cream.
Each chef
must prepare an entree
in the style of the cuisine
featured on their coin,
using the five ingredients
that they randomly earned
playing slots.
What the heck is this?
A carrot.
A yellow carrot.
Really?
I'm not gonna lie.
Today's the first day
I cooked something Chinese.
Wow.
It's like, okay...
Soy sauce?
What happened
to the sicilian olives?
The peppercorns?
15 minutes gone.
30 minutes to go.
Yes, chef!
When I think Jamaican,
I think jerk.
And jerk is spicy.
So that's
what I'm gonna do.
Bless you. Bless you.
You all right, girl?
Yeah.
It's all these peppers
over here.
Any more? I think I'm good.
All right.
Last five minutes.
Holy.
That's right,
holy.
Time to go.
We gotta move.
May the spirit
of Santo be with me.
I'm kind of
freaking out right now.
I got plates
for everybody.
Here's your plate.
I have a bowl.
Let's go.
Start plating.
Ohh...
Let's go.
Five...Four...
Three...
Two...One.
And serve!
Listen carefully.
As you know, I'm looking
for someone to emerge.
A leader.
So today,
I'm gonna determine
the winner of this challenge
in a completely
different way.
That's right.
Never done this before.
What the hell is going on?
The contestants
have completed their dishes
for the ethnic cuisine
challenge.
And serve!
And anxiously await judgment.
But first, chef Ramsay
has an announcement.
As you know, I'm looking for
someone to emerge... a leader!
So today,
I'm gonna determine
the winner of this challenge
in a completely
different way.
King of the hill!
That's right, I'm gonna
taste the dishes individually.
The person with
the best dish
wins the challenge
for their team.
Got it?
Yes, chef!
It's time for everyone
to start realizing
that we're a group,
but we're also individuals.
And everyone needs
to start to shine.
Tommy, let's go.
Go to it.
Come on, Tommy.
Up first is Tommy...
Puttin' me on the spot.
With his
attempt at Indian cuisine.
Let's do it.
So...
What is it?
Okay, I did chicken
roasted in the oven.
What I was going for was
like a mango curry.
Let's hope it tastes
more Indian
than it looks.
What do you think
of the sauce?
It actually
tastes delicious.
Nice heat
and a combination
of spices.
Got you there.
It tastes Indian.
Congratulations.
Sit in the chair.
Good job, Tommy!
Elizabeth, let's go.
Chef said that this is gonna be
king of the hill.
But this is definitely
gonna be queen of the hill,
'cause my dish is gonna win.
This is...
New York strip.
I garnished it with
diced chorizo.
And cotija cheese
on top.
Okay.
Steak slightly
overcooked.
But it tastes a lot
better than it looks.
And it tastes Mexican.
Good job.
Thank you.
My big question is...
Is your dish
more accomplished
than Tommy's
Indian-inspired dish?
And the answer is...
Congratulations, Elizabeth.
Tommy, get off that chair.
Good job, Liz.
Really good.
Good job.
Thank you, chef.
That's my chair.
Tommy was just keeping it
warm for me.
Natalie, talk to me.
Um, I had pork.
And the sauce
is a guava paste.
Habanero coconut.
Taste the spices in there.
God, I mean, it's almost
bringing tears to my eyes.
Is that hot for you?
I actually like it.
I tried
to kind of sweeten it out.
That's way gone.
Okay.
You definitely will not
be replacing Elizabeth.
Okay.
Back in line
with your dish.
It's all good, Natalie.
Elizabeth, you're safe.
Too much, Natalie.
It's all good, girl.
I thought my dish was good.
I thought the spices
were perfect.
Paul, let's go.
With Natalie's
dish too hot to handle,
it's up to Paul's
French-inspired filet
to regain the culinary throne
for the Blue Team.
Meat's cooked perfectly.
I love the idea behind
the grapefruit
in the hollandaise.
And that is French cuisine
and on a plate.
It's delicious.
Thank you, chef.
And that's
exactly what happens
as he unseats
Elizabeth.
Well done, Pauly.
Good job, Pauly.
Okay, Elise, let's go.
And now, Elise
is ready to impress
with her take on Chinese.
It's ahi tuna seasoned with
soy sauce.
Yeah, I like it.
It's nice.
Tuna's cooked perfectly.
Thank you, chef.
Take a seat.
Congratulations.
Good job.
Thank you, chef.
And thus begins the reign
of queen Elise.
I'm the queen of the hill,
and my dish
was better than yours.
With the red
team holding court,
will storms the castle
with his take
on Italian cuisine.
What is that?
I did prosciutto-wrapped
scallops
seared in olive oil
and rendered prosciutto fat.
Delicious.
Great, yeah.
Will...
Yes, chef?
You're the king.
Great job.
- Congratulations. Good job.
- Good job, will.
Definitely the best dish
I've tasted so far.
If the competition
ended right now,
he'd win it
for the Blue Team.
But we have one more!
Jennifer, let's go.
Yes, chef.
Oh, my God, it's coming down
to me and will.
Come on, Jennifer.
New York and Boston,
fightin' to the end.
That's what
I'm excited about.
Tell me, what is it?
Pan-seared salmon
with olives, feta cheese.
Salmon's cooked perfectly.
Thank you, chef.
Mmm. Wow.
It's delicious.
Thank you, chef.
It's a very tough call,
this one.
Two very good dishes.
Tough.
Very tough.
Uh...Okay.
The king of the hill.
And winning it
for their team
is...
- Jennifer!
- Oh,!
Good job.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, good job.
Oh, my God, I won!
I won the challenge.
It's like holy ,
I just beat will.
Good job, girl.
Boston beat out
New York today.
Red Team, clearly you...
You sourced
huge inspiration
from your trip in New York.
Well done.
Okay, thanks to Jennifer.
Since we're in Los Angeles,
what better place
to have great fun
than at the beach?
Beach? Oh, my God!
That's right.
You're hitting the beach.
The beach!
Do you want to know
what's happening at the beach?
Yes.
I'm not gonna tell you.
It's a surprise.
What I will tell you is
you are gonna love it.
Well done.
Good job.
Thank you, chef.
Blue Team!
Tonight,
Hell's Kitchen is open.
Which means you'll be
prepping both kitchens
ahead of tonight's service.
It's gonna be a long,
hard, tedious afternoon.
Yes, chef.
Red Team,
go get into something
a little bit more comfortable
for a day on the beach.
Thank you, chef.
Have a great time.
Beach, beach!
Beach, beach, beach.
Beach, beach, beach, beach.
Oh, I have to shave.
Blue Team...
Start off
by cleaning out the kitchen.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
This is the fourth time
in the game row
we gotta sit here and prep up
both  kitchens.
That sucks.
Red Team...
Shake that ass.
All right,
start it off, Liz.
Ladies, shake that ass.
Whoo!
Beach! See ya!
Bye, guys.
That's what
I'm talkin' 'bout!
Ghetto goes to the beach.
That's hot!
I have never seen anything
like this before in my life.
Let's go!
Hey, hey, hey!
We're gonna get
sand in our bots.
Crotches.
Whoo!
Are you serious?
Wah, wah.
Are you ready to do this?
Oh, my God.
It's James!
Welcome!
Congratulations.
You have won zorbing!
What the heck is zorbing?
Who wants to go first.
Not me.
Like, since no
one else wants to do it,
I'm a zorb right now.
Agh!
Lay down and make sure
you hold those straps.
Don't let go,
whatever you do.
This is bizarre.
Are we really
pushing her?
Push!
Whoo!
Stop!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, no!
What the?
Oh, my God, you guys!
You have to try this!
Ohh ho!
"Oh! Uhh! Uhh!"
The funnest part
is pushing, by far!
The more I heard her scream,
the more I pushed it
with all my might.
They were kind of like
thrilling screams.
Um, I kind of
had fun with it.
Ohh ho!
Just
do it already!
And push!
Oh, my God!
Aah!
My God!
Push!
No!
Should I actually
mince that and...
Put it out?
Dude, that's
a dry ingredient.
I worry about Tommy
all the time.
He's dumb.
Oh, you want...
Really want
to lose some fingers
right now?
Don't...
And you can't fix dumb.
My wedgie is like
the world's worst
wedgie right now.
They're back.
We went
in a plastic bubble.
We went in a bubble,
and they pushed it,
and we spun.
And then we went
on the beach.
I'm in a grumpy-ass mood.
We had a good time.
I hate life.
It's just 30
minutes before dinner service,
and the Blue Team is still
prepping both kitchens.
Elise?
Yes.
I'm wrapping your
Wellington for you.
No problem.
But, uh, I'm not
scoring them now.
Cool.
Let's go, ladies, yeah?
Yep.
Tasting spoons.
The service of your life.
Yes, chef.
Tommy prepped
the Wellingtons
but didn't score them.
Like, whatever.
I'll do it myself.
I don't know why
he did this like this.
It's so stupid.
I'm not liking how
these Wellingtons are prepped.
James!
Yes, chef?
Let's go.
Open Hell's Kitchen, please.
Yes, chef.
As usual, it's full
house for tonight's dinner service.
This is about pride, boys.
Hell, yeah.
With only three chefs
left in the red kitchen
and four in the blue,
each will be under
heavy scubbing tonight.
Mornin', chef..
Let's go, ladies, yes?
Yes, chef.
You've been to New York.
You've been inspired.
You've seen the prize.
Tonight is
comeback night, right?
Yes, chef. Here we go.
Three scallops,
one risotto.
Yes, chef!
Thank you.
Let's go.
Six minutes, Elizabeth.
Six minutes, heard.
I am more motivated now
than I have been
during this whole
competition.
I just have to show chef
that I, Elizabeth,
can be an executive chef.
2 1/2 minutes, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth?
While Elizabeth
dreams of a bright future
at BLT Steak in New York...
Elizabeth?
Over in the blue kitchen...
Tell me when
to drop scallops, Paul.
Natalie is working hard
to make that dream a reality.
Drop scallops!
Heard.
In the last couple services,
I've been struggling
in the kitchen.
And I think chef Ramsay
thinks that I'm green.
Two scallops.
Two risotto.
Work it, yes?
Yes, chef!
Going to the pass
in ten seconds, Paul!
Walking up, two scallops.
Let's go!
I wanna hear you, Natalie.
Yes, chef.
So I just have to get
that "wow" dinner service in.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Natalie!
It's just 15
minutes into dinner service...
I've got scallops done!
And Natalie is anxious
to impress chef Ramsay
with her first appetizers.
Natalie!
Come here!
All of you, come here!
Look at that!
You've got them cooked
one side.
And what's that?
They're not even seared!
Completely raw scallop.
I've been caught a few times
with some mistakes here.
I'm not gonna tell you
I'm perfect.
But that's
a major mistake.
I'll refire right now.
Hurry up!
Get a grip, Natalie.
Yes, chef!
As Natalie races
to refire
her first appetizers,
in the red kitchen...
Service.
Nice sear on the scallops.
Thank you, chef.
I need two more
scallops, please.
Elizabeth attempts
to keep the momentum going
with her next order
of appetizers.
Hold on, wait.
Do we...
Jen, I need
another scallop down?
Elizabeth, listen.
Yes.
How long?
Um...
Scallops!
Elizabeth, talk!
Three minutes, chef!
Come on, come on, come on!
We're getting slower.
Elizabeth...
Help her, Elise!
Yes, chef!
Jump in!
I know it's hard
for you to be
encouraged to help somebody.
No, chef!
- Jump in then!
- Yes, chef!
Come on, girl.
Get it together.
Little bit of oil.
Calm down.
Elizabeth,
she was so frazzled,
it was making me
feel anxiety
because of the way she was...
Can you walk those
up for me?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Scallops.
Excellent.
Service, please.
With an assist from Elise,
appetizers are once again
making their way
out to the dining room.
Seriously, the best scallops
I've ever tasted.
Meanwhile, the blue kitchen
is finishing off
appetizers.
Scallop.
Nice.
Two risottos!
Service, please.
And is now moving on to entrees.
Two entree, one New York strip,
one Wellington.
Yes, chef! One minute!
Tommy, you got 30 seconds,
homeboy.
All right.
Tommy, put the onions
on a towel when they
come out of the  fryer.
I know. Put 'em on the towel!
Chef Scott
yells at me all the time.
I think he thinks
I'm an idiot.
I swear to God,
I will  beat you
with that thing.
But, uh,
I'm not gonna argue.
You know,
it's his job
to be an angry dictator.
But, um, I know how
to cook an onion ring.
Oh, my God.
I've been
telling him all night
to put it on towels soon as it
comes out of the fryer.
Just doesn't
want to do it.
Hey. Look.
Onion ring.
Like a handful
of onion worms! Soggy.
I'll fire another one
right now, chef.
Despite Tommy's
troubles on the garnish station...
Fish going to the pass!
The Blue Team has
a steady flow of food
leaving the kitchen.
And an hour
into dinner service,
both teams have fed
half their diners.
Walking, New York strip!
Service.
This is so good.
Two sea bass.
I'm walking these two bass
up right now.
And now it's up to Elizabeth
to get the next order out.
What happened to them?
Elizabeth.
Yeah.
Come here, you.
And you.
Touch that there.
Hold on there.
Look. Hold on, look.
Hold on, look.
Look at that.
Why are you doing this
to yourself?
It's dry.
Sorry.
I felt, going
into dinner service,
that I was gonna do
a really good job.
But I'm going through
the motions of sucking.
It's like this weird,
like, zombie person
took over Elizabeth.
Look at the state of you.
You're looking frazzled.
Two bass.
How long?
Talk to him.
Yes, I'll be four minutes
on this cod, chef.
That's a bass in your hand.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, chef.
It's my fault, chef.
I'm very sorry, chef.
I'm sorry, chef. All right.
Come here, come here.
I'm sorry
that I'm freaking out.
Hey, time out.
Time out.
Oh, my God, Elizabeth.
Like, I don't know
what you need to do.
But you need
to  wake up.
I'm sorry, chef.
Come here, madam.
No, I'm fine right here.
Look at me.
I'm fine right here.
Talk to me.
You don't know
the difference
between a cod and a bass.
- I know my  job...
- I feel like I've been
Up
too much tonight.
It's like...
From the beginning.
There is nothing wrong!
We're just dragging
two bass!
Okay, I will calm down
and I will be smooth
for the rest of the service.
I feel like I'm
losing my  mind!
You're frazzled, yeah!
Big, deep breath
and come back.
It's like I'm in this,
like, alternate universe
where, like, I can't get
anything done right at all.
What do I have
working right now?
Two bass.
I see who's weakest now.
You can't
crumble like that.
If you make a mistake,
you gotta dust yourself off
and fix it.
Elizabeth is not good
at doing that.
Elise, Wellington.
Yes, chef!
Oh, come on.
What is that?
Elise!
All of you, come here!
Who chewed that?
That's what
you presented me.
They're falling apart,
chef, I'm sorry.
Off, Elise.
Start again!
Hey, you.
Bring me that tray here.
All of you, come here.
Yes, chef.
She's complaining
they're falling apart.
When you score pastry
that deep
with a sharp knife,
it falls apart.
I'm not gonna
just sit here
and take the blame
myself.
I have to do something.
How many of these
have you screwed?
Chef, I did not score
the first tray.
So who scored them, then?
Tommy did.
Now you're
blaming Tommy?
I'm just saying that I
didn't score the first tray.
Go over there and
tell him, then.
I wanna see what
you say to him.
Come here, you.
The problem with Elise is
Elise never admits
that she's wrong.
She always blames
someone else.
Tommy!
I'm telling the truth.
She's got something
to tell you.
That first tray
of Wellingtons
that you basted
and scored,
they all fell apart.
Did you or did you not
score the first tray
of Wellingtons?
It's an hour and
a half into dinner service,
and Elise's excuses...
How many of these
have you screwed?
Chef, I did not score
the first tray.
So who scored them, then?
Tommy did!
Are wearing
thin on chef Ramsay.
I wanna see
what you say to him.
Come here, you.
I'm telling the truth.
Tommy! She's got something
to tell you.
That first tray
of Wellingtons that you
basted and scored.
They all fell apart.
Did you or did you not
score the first tray
of Wellingtons?
No.
Crazy.
Don't come over bitchin' to me,
coming into my kitchen,
when I'm working.
I didn't even score
the damn things.
Tommy stood
right over there
in front of me
before service
and scored
and basted them!
No, I did not score them,
and I'm not lying.
Play the replay.
I'm wrapping
your Wellingtons for you.
No problem.
But, uh, I'm not scoring them now.
Cool.
Hook me up to a polygraph.
I'm telling you
the damn truth.
If he scored 'em,
why wouldn't he
have score ours?
Why didn't he score ours?
No, he didn't slice
the Wellington.
That's some Booty-ass
, man.
That girl coming over
trying to blame us
'cause she can't cut
Wellingtons.
Man up!
Own up to your mistakes!
Pissed about
these Wellingtons.
Elise!
Do you know
the biggest problem with you?
Yourself.
Who you gonna blame?
Carrie?
Krupa?
Jamie?
While the red kitchen's issues
have left their diners
without food,
the Blue Team's diners
have their food.
Hi, how is everything?
It's like rubber!
Shall I?
Although some
of them wish they didn't.
Chef.
What's wrong?
It's really dry.
Blue Team.
Yeah.
Blue Team!
Yes, chef!
Bass returned.
Dry.
I turn my back
for 30 seconds.
Hey, look, come here.
Hey, madam.
Yes, chef?
I'm not  around now.
I know, chef.
Touch that.
Yeah? Dry!
Over-sear.
I just... I don't know...
I don't know what I'm doing.
Hey...You hit the nail
on the head there.
You don't know
what you're doing.
It's not good enough.
I'm worried about
undercooking them,
so I'm overcooking them.
Chef!
Oh, no.
They're rubbery.
Oh, come on.
Table 23,
table 21,
table 22.
Every single table
on the blue side
has complained
about the sea bass tonight.
Everybody
said it's dry.
They're right.
You can't cook fish.
I can cook fish.
So the customers
are lying?
No, chef.
The day we, as chefs,
start blaming customers...
No, chef, I'm not
blaming customers, no.
It's frustrating
and embarrassing.
'Cause I'm not an idiot.
I know how to cook fish.
I really just don't know
what was going on.
- I'm sorry, guys.
- None of that!
Get your head in the game,
keep pumpin' until the last
ticket's out.
While Natalie's sea bass
has left diners on the blue side
unsatisfied,
the diners on the red side
are hoping
Elizabeth's sea bass
will hit the spot.
Two bass,
one New York strip!
How long?
I need four minutes!
You're not even
checking with me, yo.
Jennifer, can you
get 'em together?
Can you get them together?
You need to drive
the ticket, Elise.
I said two minutes!
Two minutes, Liz!
My bass
is not gonna be done
in two minutes.
Arrgh!
I want to lead this group,
but it's hard when you have
Elise, who doesn't listen.
You guys need to work together,
right now.
She asked me
to hold it back!
Don't say it was...
Say it was me!
And Elizabeth, that just
has no confidence.
How long, Elizabeth?
I need... I need...
Talk! How long!
How long?
Everybody's gonna
get mad at me now.
How long do you need, Liz?
I need five minutes.
Five minutes.
Five minutes now?
You said four minutes...
Four minutes ago!
I need five minutes
or, uh,
it's not gonna be done.
These  sea basses
are taking
so long to cook.
It's  raw
in the middle!
So I'm trying to rush it, but
there is no more way to rush it.
Where's the bass?
The two...Two bass.
Holy crap.
All of you, come here.
Ah, come on.
Look, it's raw!
Raw...
You're going down
in flames, chick.
Elizabeth!
You took twice as long
for that table.
Chef, I feel like
I had that fish down
for like ten minutes.
You know...
You're blaming the fish.
Just, like, I didn't
want to drag it anymore.
Get it back in the pan!
Stop being a pathetic
little wimp.
Come on! Let's go!
Yes, chef.
And you still haven't got
the  table out.
New York strip,
is that ready or...
I need a minute on my St...
On my...
Come on, then, let's go!
Yes, chef.
So you sliced it,
and it's not cooked.
It needs, like, seconds.
So you take one slice off,
don't you stop there
and put it back in whole?
Doesn't it dry out
when you've sliced it?
Oh, she just shakes her head.
- Hold on.
- Cry time?
No!
Chef thinks that I'm the one
behind the eight ball,
but I was trying to time
with Elizabeth,
and she kept asking
for more time,
asking me for more time,
asking me for more time.
Excuse me.
Jeez!
I was trying
to look out for the team
and wait for her.
The New York strip!
Unbelievable.
Hey...
Just stop.
This is ridiculous.
Oh, my God, we're getting
so thrown out of here.
Is this the one you sliced?
Yes, chef.
It's dry.
What are you doing?
You've been to New York,
you've had your hands
on the prize.
This is like night one
in here.
No, chef.
And you, Elizabeth!
You can't time
and you can't talk
to anybody.
You've given up over there.
No, chef, I...
No, chef.
You and you,
Off out of here.
Get out!
Take that with you.
Just leave me alone.
Get out of here,
both of you.
Off up to the dorm.
Hey, you.
Pick that
thing up!
You wanna serve
Overcooked meat.
Now start kicking the bin.
Wow.
Un--believable!
Get out!
Off!
Pathetic!
Embarrassing!
It's two hours
into dinner service,
and chef Ramsay
has had enough...
You and you,
Off out of here.
Of Elizabeth and
Elise's careless mistakes.
Hey, you.
Pick that  thing up.
You wanna overcook meat,
now start kicking a bin.
Wow.
Un--believable.
Get out!
Jennifer...
Yes, chef?
You're on your own.
Yes, chef.
One cod,
two New York strip,
one Wellington, yes?
Yes, chef.
How long, please, Natalie?
Uh, on those strips,
I got at least...
I got at least seven minutes.
Go on.
You got everything, Jen?
Uh, yep.
Cod, uh...Mashed potatoes.
Yep.
We're eight minutes
out, okay?
Yes, chef.
Oh, my God.
Working with chef Ramsay alone
was almost nerve-racking,
but it was also exciting.
Four minutes to the window, yes?
Yep.
Four minutes, chef.
Yeah.
He was calling out
ticket times,
waiting for me to respond.
At one point, he said to me,
"I'm slicing."
30 seconds,
starting to slice.
Walking with garnish.
30 seconds. Yeah.
It kind of showed me, like,
what we're supposed to be doing.
I am absolutely the luckiest
girl in the world
to be able to work with
chef Ramsay right now.
Walking with two cod.
With the last entrees served...
Enjoy.
Looks good, Joe.
And both kitchens
delivering desserts...
A very rough night
in Hell's Kitchen...
Oh, my
God, that's good.
Is finally over.
Clear down!
Switch off!
Yes, chef.
I've decided,
from now on in,
that I will not
select a winning team
unless I get
a perfect service.
And, trust me,
I did not get one
from either team tonight.
Both teams,
get back upstairs
to the dorm
and come to a consensus
on the one individual
that should be
leaving your team
to make you
more dynamic.
Get upstairs.
I obviously want
to do really well here,
and I'm not having those
perfect services
like I should be having.
This could be
my last night here.
It's upsetting.
Anybody wanna start?
I think we all know.
And what's that?
I mean, I know
I need to go up, so...
Oh, don't start cryin', girl.
Yeah, chill out, baby.
Natalie, come on.
Come here.
Come on.
If I go up there,
he's gonna send me home.
You don't know that.
Natalie had a really bad
service tonight.
But I feel that Elise
should go home tonight,
'cause Elise is like cancer.
Like, if I had a vote,
my vote would be for Elise.
Couldn't believe
she came in
and started yelling at me
about a Wellington
when I'm trying to concentrate.
And chef Ramsay called her out
for scoring them too deep,
and they're
falling apart.
And she's still
trying to argue
when she had
raw Wellingtons.
I hope she goes home
tonight.
Make it short and sweet.
What's your decision?
God, I don't know
what to do.
Do I base it
off of tonight,
or do I base it on overall?
Tonight.
Okay, just for the record,
chef did not say to base
your decision
on tonight's performance.
I know.
This is the problem.
He said on making your team
stronger.
Right now, tonight,
I felt like, Elizabeth,
you  lost it.
But overall... I think my
overall performance,
it just shows in my nominations,
that I have not been up yet.
I just feel like Elizabeth
was so frustrated.
It was hard to look at her.
I am not denying you this.
This is why I'm talking...
It was hard for me.
You know I don't
play the blame game.
You can just put me up!
You play it
all the way up to the end.
I'm telling it like it is.
You'll continue to blame
until the end.
If you wanna put me up,
put me up.
I don't know
who I wanna put up, okay?
Give me a minute,
all right?
I'm getting nervous,
because you're not
getting better.
Will, the nominee and why.
Natalie, chef.
She couldn't
cook fish tonight.
Jennifer...
The nominee and why, please.
Uh, nominee is...
Um...
With both teams
asked to nominate one member
for elimination,
the Blue Team
has chosen Natalie.
Jennifer...
The nominee and why, please.
Elise, chef.
Her biggest problem is
she doesn't admit mistakes.
She's first to blame
everyone else,
except herself.
Elise, Natalie...
Step forward, please.
Keep your head up, Natalie.
Natalie...Tell me
why you think
you should
stay in Hell's Kitchen.
I'm a talented chef.
I deserve to be here.
I worked my ass off
to get here.
I've worked my ass off
my entire life.
I know I'm green.
I know I have a lot
to learn.
But I know that,
in the end,
I can be
what BLT's looking for.
It's your third time
up here.
I can't inspire you
anymore.
There are no places
left to hide.
Elise...
I cannot believe
you had the audacity
to blame Tommy
for your mess.
When are you ever
gonna step up and...
Right now.
Take responsibility...
Right now! Right now!
Oh, really?
You need to go home.
You have a family at home.
No, I don't want
to go home!
If I don't shine
on my next service
and perform perfectly,
then I'll throw myself
out of here!
Opportunities like this
don't come
where I'm from.
And I'm very thankful
to be here.
I can really cook, chef.
And I'm just not ready to go
until I prove that.
Okay.
The person leaving
Hell's Kitchen...
Is...
Did you
or did you not score
the first tray
of Wellingtons?
No.
Oh, come on.
Table 23, table 21.
Every single table
on the blue side
has complained about
the sea bass tonight.
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm doing.
You hit the nail
on the head there.
Natalie...
Please take off
your jacket.
Look at me.
Continue cooking.
Big heart.
Love the energy.
But you are not ready to
run BLT Steak in New York.
Please give me
your jacket.
Thank you for the effort.
Thank you.
And do not stop.
Okay?
Do not stop.
Keep your head up,
Natalie!
Come on, guys.
Keep talking to each other!
Two Wellington, chef.
Natalie, good job.
I came to Hell's Kitchen
to prove to myself
that I'm a good chef.
You got
butternut squash puree?
Yes...I...Do.
Joining the Blue Team...
Natalie.
I just couldn't imagine
sharing an experience
like this
with anyone other
than the Blue Team.
No more  grapes!
I'm not doing it anymore!
One, two, three!  Blue!
Hell's Kitchen was one of
the hardest things
I've ever done in my life.
I have a teammate
that thinks
I was trying to  him
on purpose.
I came in here with
the attitude that I could do it,
and I never stopped
having that attitude.
That's awesome.
It's what I do, boys.
It's definitely
disappointing.
I obviously came here to win.
And, deep down, I know
I could have done it.
Each and every one of you,
I've seen glimpses
of brilliance.
But I've got to
see that level
of inspiration.
Got it?
Yes, chef!
Get out of here.
Elise should have gone home.
I know she's gonna
wake up tomorrow
and she's gonna throw me
or Elizabeth under the bus.
It's gonna be groundhog day
all over again.
There's only three
people in each kitchen.
No reason to blame
anybody else.
There's no excuses anymore.
So now it's put up
or shut up.
Thank you, chef Ramsay,
for giving me another day
in hell.
I'm gonna
step up my game 200%,
because, at this point,
I don't feel like
anyone else
is standing in my way
but myself.
Natalie was lucky enough
to get to see BLT Steak
in New York.
She may get to see it again
as a customer.
Next time on Hell's Kitchen...
The restaurant is closed
for a very special event.
Never before have we done
something as important
as tonight's charity event.
And chef Ramsay
wants a perfect evening
for his V.I.P. guests.
I'm so embarrassed!
Tommy! I wanna
smack Tommy in the face!
But can the chefs work together?
Let me do my thing. I'm not gonna
let you do something that's wrong.
Or will it be chef Ramsay's
most humiliating dinner service yet?
Why? Why tonight? Look at that!
With the coveted black jackets
going to the survivors...
What the hell
is wrong with you guys?
Trying to sabotage me?
She's
with the wrong person.
The chefs
will stop at nothing...
- Back off!
- And I mean nothing...
War is on.
What?
To make it to the final five.
Tonight, all of you
can be leaving
this  competition.
On an episode unlike any other.
And get ready
to plead for your life.
Are you  kidding me?
That's next time
on Hell's Kitchen.
Sync by dr.jackson
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org